The basic use case would be to build a voice agent that can perform on my company's documents and data, like a SQL query or a Python pandas query on my Excel data or on my database, and retrieve the results and properly answer the clients in real time.

The issue is mostly latency and cost pricing. I was planning it this way: the speech-to-text from the client should be handled by, say, Grok Wispr or, I forgot the name, let me check Assembly AI, this type of thing. My agent is in the local code, with the vector DB database or stuff like that in my local, and the TTS would be from 11 labs.

I'm trying to see how low I can get these things, trying to reduce the permanent cost. The something that would complete this whole use case would be, of course, the telephony part, which we can do with Plivo or X Hotel or something like that. All of them need a number to rent, which has a fixed fee monthly, which is 250 rupees or 300, something like that. The rest of this pipeline is just pay-as-you-go, so I feel like I should try it out, test it out, and then try to see if I can add Plivo or any other provider with it, even if it's a paid service. I have to prove the concept before I do it. I thought I'll use the pipecat framework to do the whole thing so that I can reduce the latency and stream the audio, the text, and the audio to reduce latency completely and also support user interruption, like the user can interrupt the agent's speech to say something. Maybe support those things. Yeah, I think that's all. 

So I also learned that Rust, using Rust for this type of thing, like the backend, the agentic backend, can maybe run on Python, but using Rust for this type of high-speed interaction is recommended. I think we can look into that while planning. Also, we can look into how Perplexity built this voice agent so that we can have a better understanding of how to build a proper voice agent. I think Perplexity released a document which mentions whatever they build their voice agents. 

Also try to see if all of this STT and TTS, does Azure have those kinds of things? My company has Azure, then that can be incorporated; at least that can be tried, which would reduce my cost. 